[('chrysoviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('birnaviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('partitiviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('totiviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('amalgaviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('fijivirus', '->viruses->dsrna viruses->reoviridae->spinareovirinae')
 ('sedoreovirinae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses->reoviridae')
 ('hypoviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('quadriviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('endornaviridae', '->viruses->dsrna viruses')
 ('caulimoviridae', '->viruses->retro-transcribing viruses')
 ('spumaretrovirinae', '->viruses->retro-transcribing viruses->retroviridae')
 ('gammaretrovirus', '->viruses->retro-transcribing viruses->retroviridae->orthoretrovirinae')
 ('lentivirus', '->viruses->retro-transcribing viruses->retroviridae->orthoretrovirinae')
 ('hepadnaviridae', '->viruses->retro-transcribing viruses')
 ('guttaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('fuselloviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('polydnaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('polyomaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('asfarviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('papillomaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('iridoviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('baculoviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('ascoviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('corticoviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('siphoviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->caudovirales')
 ('autographivirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->caudovirales->podoviridae')
 ('picovirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->caudovirales->podoviridae')
 ('tevenvirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->caudovirales->myoviridae')
 ('spounavirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->caudovirales->myoviridae')
 ('peduovirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->caudovirales->myoviridae')
 ('mimiviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('nudiviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('aviadenovirus', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->adenoviridae')
 ('mastadenovirus', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->adenoviridae')
 ('turriviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('globuloviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('rudiviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->ligamenvirales')
 ('lipothrixviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->ligamenvirales')
 ('entomopoxvirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->poxviridae')
 ('chordopoxvirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->poxviridae')
 ('tectiviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('phycodnaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('nimaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('ampullaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('gammaherpesvirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->herpesvirales->herpesviridae')
 ('betaherpesvirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->herpesvirales->herpesviridae')
 ('alphaherpesvirinae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->herpesvirales->herpesviridae')
 ('malacoherpesviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->herpesvirales')
 ('alloherpesviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage->herpesvirales')
 ('plasmaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('bicaudaviridae', '->viruses->dsdna viruses, no rna stage')
 ('benyviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('astroviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('permutotetraviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('luteoviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('carmotetraviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('alphaflexiviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->tymovirales')
 ('tymoviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->tymovirales')
 ('gammaflexiviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->tymovirales')
 ('betaflexiviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->tymovirales')
 ('alphatetraviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('closteroviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('hepeviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('leviviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('virgaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('nodaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('narnaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('mesoniviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->nidovirales')
 ('roniviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->nidovirales')
 ('arteriviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->nidovirales')
 ('torovirinae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->nidovirales->coronaviridae')
 ('coronavirinae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->nidovirales->coronaviridae')
 ('nepovirus', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->picornavirales->secoviridae->comovirinae')
 ('marnaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->picornavirales')
 ('iflaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->picornavirales')
 ('sapelovirus', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->picornavirales->picornaviridae')
 ('dicistroviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->picornavirales')
 ('bromoviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('barnaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('flavivirus', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->flaviviridae')
 ('alphavirus', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage->togaviridae')
 ('caliciviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('tombusviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('potyviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna positive-strand viruses, no dna stage')
 ('pneumovirinae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses->mononegavirales->paramyxoviridae')
 ('morbillivirus', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses->mononegavirales->paramyxoviridae->paramyxovirinae')
 ('bornaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses->mononegavirales')
 ('filoviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses->mononegavirales')
 ('rhabdoviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses->mononegavirales')
 ('nyamiviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses->mononegavirales')
 ('bunyaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses')
 ('ophioviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses')
 ('arenaviridae', '->viruses->ssrna viruses->ssrna negative-strand viruses')
 ('anelloviridae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses')
 ('geminiviridae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses')
 ('gokushovirinae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses->microviridae')
 ('circoviridae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses')
 ('inoviridae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses')
 ('parvovirinae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses->parvoviridae')
 ('densovirinae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses->parvoviridae')
 ('nanoviridae', '->viruses->ssdna viruses')
 ('alphasatellites', '->viruses->satellites->satellite nucleic acids->single stranded dna satellites')
 ('single stranded rna satellites', '->viruses->satellites->satellite nucleic acids')]
 
chrysoviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chrysoviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for chrysoviridae: 368
birnaviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
birnaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
birnaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
birnaviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for birnaviridae: 127
partitiviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 15 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 15 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 15 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
partitiviridae: 15 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for partitiviridae: 650
totiviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 60 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 48 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 67 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 115 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 57 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 103 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
totiviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for totiviridae: 2281
amalgaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
amalgaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
amalgaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for amalgaviridae: 102
fijivirus: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 18 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fijivirus: 21 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for fijivirus: 530
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 12 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 21 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 6 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 12 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 18 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 21 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 6 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 12 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 12 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 8 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 6 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 12 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 8 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 8 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 18 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sedoreovirinae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for sedoreovirinae: 1625
hypoviridae: 91 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
hypoviridae: 127 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
hypoviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for hypoviridae: 315
quadriviridae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
quadriviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
quadriviridae: 43 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
quadriviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for quadriviridae: 168
endornaviridae: 166 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
endornaviridae: 147 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
endornaviridae: 176 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
endornaviridae: 139 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
endornaviridae: 139 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for endornaviridae: 767
caulimoviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 92 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 88 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caulimoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for caulimoviridae: 4151
spumaretrovirinae: 131 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spumaretrovirinae: 129 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spumaretrovirinae: 132 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spumaretrovirinae: 120 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spumaretrovirinae: 104 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spumaretrovirinae: 120 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for spumaretrovirinae: 736
gammaretrovirus: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaretrovirus: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for gammaretrovirus: 764
lentivirus: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 92 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 91 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 103 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lentivirus: 91 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for lentivirus: 829
hepadnaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
hepadnaviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
hepadnaviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
hepadnaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
hepadnaviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for hepadnaviridae: 157
guttaviridae: 137 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for guttaviridae: 137
fuselloviridae: 151 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fuselloviridae: 153 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fuselloviridae: 241 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fuselloviridae: 156 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fuselloviridae: 176 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fuselloviridae: 147 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
fuselloviridae: 154 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for fuselloviridae: 1178
polydnaviridae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 158 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 144 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 159 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 129 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 213 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 151 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 191 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 260 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 135 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 152 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 126 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 198 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 306 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 415 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 201 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 174 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 187 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 321 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 319 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 161 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 142 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 247 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 152 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 298 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 149 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 273 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 112 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 137 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 150 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 152 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 173 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 150 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 343 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 120 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 91 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 88 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 102 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 112 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 118 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 145 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 148 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 195 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 155 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polydnaviridae: 158 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for polydnaviridae: 10021
polyomaviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 54 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
polyomaviridae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for polyomaviridae: 763
asfarviridae: 1701 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for asfarviridae: 1701
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
papillomaviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for papillomaviridae: 6981
iridoviridae: 1911 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 2124 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1113 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 2057 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1277 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1063 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1059 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1976 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1401 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1985 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 2048 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1964 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 2202 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1270 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iridoviridae: 1026 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for iridoviridae: 24476
baculoviridae: 1319 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1009 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1354 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1680 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1344 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1312 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1235 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1185 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1082 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1266 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1393 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1697 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1561 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1550 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1551 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1117 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1541 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1486 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1192 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1584 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1412 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1315 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1267 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1766 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1313 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1132 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 996 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1238 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1329 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 864 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 817 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1307 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1311 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1204 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1527 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1496 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1343 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1322 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1329 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1475 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1328 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1359 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1338 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1284 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1610 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1356 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
baculoviridae: 1787 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for baculoviridae: 66806
ascoviridae: 1569 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ascoviridae: 1740 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ascoviridae: 1862 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ascoviridae: 1193 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for ascoviridae: 6364
corticoviridae: 100 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for corticoviridae: 100
siphoviridae: 744 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 684 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 568 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 706 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 520 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 671 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 690 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 566 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 647 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 644 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 285 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 265 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 305 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 274 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 431 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 440 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 448 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 422 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 364 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 434 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 440 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 432 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 432 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 385 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 505 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 145 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 355 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 418 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 369 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 149 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 151 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 383 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 376 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 400 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 524 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 438 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 297 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 445 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 486 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 346 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 463 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 842 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 833 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 705 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 405 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 586 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 388 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 426 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 481 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 358 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 381 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 512 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 522 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 364 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 586 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 408 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 355 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 623 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 450 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 533 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 555 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1113 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 527 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 443 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 516 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 509 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 535 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 514 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 528 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 699 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 701 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 580 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 758 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 680 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 763 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 601 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 399 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 449 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 335 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 494 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 470 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 648 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 646 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 584 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 689 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 585 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 585 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 356 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 387 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 468 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 402 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 453 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 425 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 368 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 366 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 374 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 367 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 389 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 693 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 434 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 211 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 600 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 333 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 422 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 440 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 371 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 312 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 414 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 311 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1075 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 407 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 402 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 355 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 451 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 395 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 387 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 348 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 378 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 362 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 513 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 428 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 586 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 436 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 449 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 427 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 521 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 348 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 594 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 759 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 509 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 570 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 674 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 697 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 562 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 707 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 376 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 440 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 365 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 591 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 595 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 597 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 734 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 412 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 592 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 443 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 346 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 614 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 376 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1183 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 369 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1147 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 169 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 565 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 306 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 415 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 290 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 290 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 506 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 723 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 330 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 626 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 410 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 463 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 455 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 759 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 380 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 303 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 392 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 537 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 744 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 658 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 657 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 440 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 811 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 246 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 461 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 480 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 142 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 465 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 513 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 407 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 491 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 540 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 694 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 471 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 432 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 376 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 324 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 548 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 428 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1088 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 524 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 336 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 411 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 419 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 539 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1049 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 360 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 419 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 407 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 427 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 262 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 449 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 428 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 491 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 435 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 611 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 580 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 421 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 399 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 418 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 671 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 502 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1220 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 297 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 296 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1032 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 376 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 404 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 401 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 383 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 417 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2157 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2799 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2189 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2237 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2218 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2192 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 510 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 592 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 372 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 318 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 494 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 426 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 417 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 493 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 444 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 383 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 383 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 491 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 455 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 603 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 423 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 473 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 787 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 458 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 401 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 414 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 389 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 369 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 400 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 409 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 380 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1127 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 424 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 475 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 390 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 456 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 369 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 472 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 364 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 377 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 370 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 321 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 488 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 494 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 492 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 494 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 501 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1217 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 516 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 429 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 258 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 530 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 267 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 508 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 434 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 414 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 477 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 438 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 586 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 520 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 512 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 809 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 562 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 471 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 515 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 761 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 757 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 498 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 526 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 747 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 685 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 764 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 212 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 512 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 455 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 533 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 452 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 518 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 413 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 533 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 466 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 510 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 459 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 506 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 596 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 399 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 427 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 422 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 434 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 597 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 594 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 592 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 651 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 387 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 574 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 348 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 429 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 536 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 287 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 296 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 323 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 286 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 323 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 310 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 309 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 426 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 583 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 760 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 706 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 482 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 591 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 571 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 721 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 525 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 773 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 543 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 708 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 521 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 701 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 745 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1082 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1099 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 580 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 552 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 535 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 761 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 764 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 506 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 532 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 434 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 537 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 698 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 702 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 536 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 765 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 693 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 291 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 426 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 522 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 427 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 409 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 388 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 444 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 417 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 433 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 528 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 762 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 507 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 523 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 758 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 523 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 528 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 763 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 681 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 513 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 521 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 742 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 310 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 425 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1688 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 448 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 384 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 410 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 498 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 492 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 816 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 503 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 369 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 339 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 647 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 382 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 624 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 429 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 433 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1095 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 420 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 2183 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 708 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 512 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 682 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 529 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 512 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 560 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 778 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 422 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1285 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 517 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 690 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 577 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 924 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 957 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 387 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 529 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 567 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 406 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 471 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 710 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 507 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 715 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 443 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 533 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 467 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 390 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 431 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 679 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 530 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 762 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1105 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 705 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 489 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 780 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 524 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 484 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 544 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 590 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 345 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 698 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 523 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 646 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 514 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 416 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 757 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 510 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 513 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 508 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 687 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 713 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 522 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 544 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 592 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 536 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 629 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 535 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 684 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 564 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 425 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 535 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 692 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 357 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 767 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1063 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 518 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 683 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 471 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 592 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 521 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 373 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 803 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 696 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 687 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 605 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 573 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 596 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 366 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 636 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 469 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 379 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 423 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 517 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 652 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1084 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 513 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 532 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 706 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 567 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 573 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 501 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 427 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 471 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 557 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 535 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 541 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 673 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 555 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 544 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 416 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 373 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 510 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 937 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 425 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 688 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 626 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 506 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 683 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 671 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 280 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 257 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 411 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 281 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 284 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 280 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 283 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 267 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 419 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 666 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 347 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 434 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 442 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 396 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 427 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 438 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 413 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 458 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 447 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 436 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 452 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 435 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 431 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 419 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 428 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 416 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 432 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 424 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 443 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 464 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 457 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 468 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 327 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 329 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 296 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 456 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 596 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 585 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 677 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 595 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 528 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 533 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 409 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 460 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 368 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 426 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 626 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 402 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 501 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 418 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 495 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1098 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 607 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 602 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 558 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 904 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 447 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 594 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 565 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 549 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 570 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 633 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 582 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 372 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 612 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 536 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 420 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 748 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 360 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 372 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 448 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 364 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 462 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 368 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 298 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 567 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 297 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1300 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 498 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 285 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 580 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 290 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 289 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 446 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 373 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 337 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 408 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 379 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 429 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 594 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 297 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 288 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 574 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 381 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 328 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 680 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 435 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 416 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 295 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 395 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 390 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 414 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 422 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 782 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 429 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 564 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 310 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 431 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 447 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 566 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 522 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 485 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 221 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 221 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 284 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1344 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 491 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 463 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 261 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 317 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 373 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 407 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 407 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 397 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 354 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 398 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 414 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 456 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 562 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 609 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 687 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 395 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 413 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 683 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 465 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 566 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 505 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 683 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 690 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 516 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 677 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 684 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 682 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 155 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 294 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 418 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 702 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 442 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 476 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 477 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1342 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 586 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1200 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 356 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 580 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 490 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 498 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 456 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 497 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 598 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 487 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 596 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 756 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 436 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 393 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 514 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 727 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 494 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 372 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 444 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 568 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 526 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 492 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 683 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 491 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 691 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 526 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1263 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 431 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 523 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 585 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 577 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 513 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 571 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 406 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 589 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 422 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 501 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 520 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 341 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 612 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 615 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 482 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 387 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 411 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 449 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 573 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 758 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 572 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 610 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 533 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 379 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 530 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 445 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 442 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 431 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 769 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 383 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 506 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1098 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 529 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 762 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 432 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 394 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 594 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 499 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 494 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 281 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 439 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 494 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 759 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 688 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 556 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 341 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 497 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 431 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 529 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 419 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 525 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 451 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 584 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 486 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 534 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 407 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 544 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 520 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 721 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 590 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 583 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 511 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 682 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 596 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 627 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 609 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 1107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 509 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 550 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 532 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 762 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 296 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 712 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 751 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 565 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 501 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 606 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 572 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 621 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 306 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 388 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 598 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 564 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 405 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 580 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 425 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 607 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 565 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 418 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 607 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 310 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 415 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 415 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 801 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 386 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 414 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 450 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
siphoviridae: 807 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for siphoviridae: 448558
autographivirinae: 443 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 385 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 454 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 415 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 382 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 388 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 398 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 392 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 388 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 411 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 386 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 394 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 384 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 411 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 373 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 375 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 437 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 395 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 392 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 409 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 383 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 425 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 409 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 430 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 385 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 445 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 392 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 401 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 428 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 398 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 386 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 404 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 395 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 386 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 425 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 397 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 452 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 388 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 384 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 399 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 396 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
autographivirinae: 391 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for autographivirinae: 17693
picovirinae: 211 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
picovirinae: 192 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
picovirinae: 186 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
picovirinae: 167 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
picovirinae: 166 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for picovirinae: 922
tevenvirinae: 1614 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1658 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1642 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1705 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1773 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1683 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1654 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1664 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1714 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1944 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1689 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1744 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1722 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1767 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1706 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1638 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2252 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1677 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1640 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1655 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1699 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2524 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1782 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1692 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1675 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1598 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2352 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1659 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1640 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1735 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2332 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1691 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1781 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1673 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1728 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1760 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1680 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1664 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1664 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2317 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1606 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1744 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1602 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1619 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1762 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1962 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1704 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1893 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2220 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1672 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1805 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1729 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1673 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1684 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1667 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1781 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1684 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1634 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1651 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1921 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1791 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1748 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2281 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1894 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1907 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1726 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1947 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1677 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1599 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1691 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2448 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1684 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1674 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1666 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2475 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1674 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1619 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1671 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1705 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1704 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1703 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1708 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1672 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 2067 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1715 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1623 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1776 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tevenvirinae: 1781 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for tevenvirinae: 156826
spounavirinae: 1376 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spounavirinae: 1325 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spounavirinae: 1483 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spounavirinae: 1307 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
spounavirinae: 1387 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for spounavirinae: 6878
peduovirinae: 345 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 305 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 376 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 366 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 357 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 387 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 339 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 336 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 355 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 331 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 315 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 307 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 372 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 405 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 323 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 326 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 306 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 336 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 335 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 400 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 323 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 335 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 306 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 326 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 357 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 292 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 297 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
peduovirinae: 335 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for peduovirinae: 9609
mimiviridae: 6174 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mimiviridae: 11815 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for mimiviridae: 17989
nudiviridae: 969 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nudiviridae: 1276 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nudiviridae: 2316 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for nudiviridae: 4561
aviadenovirus: 440 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 456 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 454 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 433 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 457 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 450 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 438 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 438 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
aviadenovirus: 450 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for aviadenovirus: 4016
mastadenovirus: 326 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 350 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 353 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 347 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 305 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 349 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 352 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 354 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 316 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 316 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 367 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 343 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 343 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 342 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 359 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 319 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 344 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 330 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 305 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 341 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 351 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 359 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 359 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 326 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 355 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 365 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 309 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 360 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 355 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 347 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 313 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 340 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 335 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 341 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 344 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 309 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 326 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 350 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 343 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 344 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 330 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 345 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 329 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 351 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 340 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 356 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 359 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 342 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 341 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 305 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 344 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mastadenovirus: 330 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for mastadenovirus: 17664
turriviridae: 166 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
turriviridae: 176 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for turriviridae: 342
globuloviridae: 283 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
globuloviridae: 209 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for globuloviridae: 492
rudiviridae: 246 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rudiviridae: 323 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rudiviridae: 354 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for rudiviridae: 923
lipothrixviridae: 317 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lipothrixviridae: 409 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lipothrixviridae: 404 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lipothrixviridae: 395 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lipothrixviridae: 368 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lipothrixviridae: 381 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lipothrixviridae: 411 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
lipothrixviridae: 208 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for lipothrixviridae: 2893
entomopoxvirinae: 3076 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
entomopoxvirinae: 2457 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
entomopoxvirinae: 2361 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
entomopoxvirinae: 2323 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for entomopoxvirinae: 10217
chordopoxvirinae: 1980 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1445 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1507 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1445 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1968 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1617 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1464 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 2057 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1499 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1495 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 2097 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1452 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 2244 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1347 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 3598 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1399 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1344 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 2823 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1947 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 2146 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1885 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1855 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1902 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1598 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 2885 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
chordopoxvirinae: 1900 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for chordopoxvirinae: 48899
tectiviridae: 149 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tectiviridae: 143 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tectiviridae: 149 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for tectiviridae: 441
phycodnaviridae: 3212 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
phycodnaviridae: 2880 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
phycodnaviridae: 3355 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
phycodnaviridae: 3686 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
phycodnaviridae: 1546 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
phycodnaviridae: 3306 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
phycodnaviridae: 4073 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for phycodnaviridae: 22058
nimaviridae: 3092 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for nimaviridae: 3092
ampullaviridae: 238 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for ampullaviridae: 238
gammaherpesvirinae: 1306 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1727 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1379 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1194 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1496 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1243 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1710 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1448 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1370 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1823 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1844 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1718 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1351 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1225 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1129 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gammaherpesvirinae: 1084 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for gammaherpesvirinae: 23047
betaherpesvirinae: 1958 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2356 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2410 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2301 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2302 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 1593 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2262 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2194 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 1966 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2029 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2335 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 1804 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2214 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 1530 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 1283 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 2260 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaherpesvirinae: 1621 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for betaherpesvirinae: 34418
alphaherpesvirinae: 1642 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1591 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1378 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1778 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1247 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1483 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1580 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1357 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1567 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1567 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1630 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1493 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1502 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1434 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1507 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1486 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1531 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1516 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1546 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1522 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1564 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1248 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1455 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaherpesvirinae: 1353 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for alphaherpesvirinae: 35977
malacoherpesviridae: 2074 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for malacoherpesviridae: 2074
alloherpesviridae: 2208 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alloherpesviridae: 2318 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alloherpesviridae: 2951 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alloherpesviridae: 2485 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alloherpesviridae: 2911 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alloherpesviridae: 2903 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alloherpesviridae: 1342 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for alloherpesviridae: 17118
plasmaviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for plasmaviridae: 119
bicaudaviridae: 627 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for bicaudaviridae: 627
benyviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
benyviridae: 12 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for benyviridae: 29
astroviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
astroviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
astroviridae: 67 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
astroviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
astroviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for astroviridae: 338
permutotetraviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for permutotetraviridae: 56
luteoviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 57 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 57 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 57 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 57 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 57 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
luteoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for luteoviridae: 1719
carmotetraviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for carmotetraviridae: 61
alphaflexiviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 88 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 60 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 54 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphaflexiviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for alphaflexiviridae: 3072
tymoviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 61 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tymoviridae: 60 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for tymoviridae: 1470
gammaflexiviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for gammaflexiviridae: 68
betaflexiviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 88 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 90 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 90 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 78 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 88 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 91 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 83 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
betaflexiviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for betaflexiviridae: 4363
alphatetraviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for alphatetraviridae: 66
closteroviridae: 170 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 174 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 142 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 130 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 163 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 179 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 150 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 133 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 164 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 138 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 186 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 154 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 164 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 154 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 192 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
closteroviridae: 169 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for closteroviridae: 3997
hepeviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
hepeviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for hepeviridae: 144
leviviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
leviviridae: 42 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
leviviridae: 42 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
leviviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
leviviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
leviviridae: 42 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
leviviridae: 41 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for leviviridae: 271
virgaviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 67 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 62 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 67 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 66 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
virgaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for virgaviridae: 2037
nodaviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nodaviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for nodaviridae: 267
narnaviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
narnaviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
narnaviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
narnaviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
narnaviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
narnaviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for narnaviridae: 151
mesoniviridae: 201 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
mesoniviridae: 201 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for mesoniviridae: 402
roniviridae: 262 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for roniviridae: 262
arteriviridae: 127 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arteriviridae: 157 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arteriviridae: 141 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arteriviridae: 154 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for arteriviridae: 579
torovirinae: 266 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
torovirinae: 283 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
torovirinae: 284 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for torovirinae: 833
coronavirinae: 273 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 302 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 304 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 291 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 310 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 282 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 271 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 309 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 287 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 316 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 276 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 280 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 263 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 265 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 312 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 297 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 293 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 307 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 275 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 315 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 299 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 304 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 276 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
coronavirinae: 313 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for coronavirinae: 7020
nepovirus: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nepovirus: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for nepovirus: 694
marnaviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for marnaviridae: 85
iflaviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iflaviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iflaviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iflaviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iflaviridae: 101 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iflaviridae: 101 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iflaviridae: 101 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
iflaviridae: 88 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for iflaviridae: 769
sapelovirus: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sapelovirus: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
sapelovirus: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for sapelovirus: 237
dicistroviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 102 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 87 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 92 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 85 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 90 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 91 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 92 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 100 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
dicistroviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for dicistroviridae: 1199
bromoviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 21 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bromoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for bromoviridae: 923
barnaviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for barnaviridae: 40
flavivirus: 109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 105 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 113 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 101 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 102 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 102 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 109 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
flavivirus: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for flavivirus: 4946
alphavirus: 114 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 114 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 118 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 114 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 115 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 113 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 118 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 118 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 112 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 115 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 115 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 114 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 118 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 114 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphavirus: 117 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for alphavirus: 2663
caliciviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 80 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
caliciviridae: 74 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for caliciviridae: 1273
tombusviridae: 43 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 41 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 42 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 41 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 44 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 41 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 42 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 41 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 41 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 44 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 44 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 42 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
tombusviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for tombusviridae: 2052
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 99 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 100 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 100 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 99 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 101 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 75 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 102 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 99 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 90 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 99 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 105 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 101 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 99 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 107 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 89 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 100 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 100 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 92 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 104 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 100 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 98 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 96 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 99 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 103 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 108 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 93 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 97 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 95 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
potyviridae: 94 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for potyviridae: 10265
pneumovirinae: 133 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
pneumovirinae: 148 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
pneumovirinae: 152 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
pneumovirinae: 151 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for pneumovirinae: 584
morbillivirus: 157 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
morbillivirus: 158 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
morbillivirus: 159 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
morbillivirus: 156 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
morbillivirus: 158 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
morbillivirus: 156 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for morbillivirus: 944
bornaviridae: 89 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bornaviridae: 89 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bornaviridae: 89 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for bornaviridae: 267
filoviridae: 189 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
filoviridae: 191 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
filoviridae: 188 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
filoviridae: 189 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
filoviridae: 189 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
filoviridae: 189 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
filoviridae: 188 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
filoviridae: 191 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for filoviridae: 1514
rhabdoviridae: 149 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 118 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 140 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 129 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 123 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 128 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 158 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 147 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 114 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 132 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 120 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 137 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 121 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 126 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 118 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 120 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 114 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 150 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 120 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 122 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 112 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 131 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 132 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 128 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 131 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 127 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 146 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 110 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 119 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 111 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 115 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
rhabdoviridae: 132 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for rhabdoviridae: 6703
nyamiviridae: 117 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nyamiviridae: 116 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for nyamiviridae: 233
bunyaviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 18 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 43 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 48 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 88 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 18 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 65 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 89 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
bunyaviridae: 48 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for bunyaviridae: 1158
ophioviridae: 76 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ophioviridae: 18 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ophioviridae: 15 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ophioviridae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ophioviridae: 81 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ophioviridae: 16 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ophioviridae: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
ophioviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for ophioviridae: 253
arenaviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 70 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 71 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 72 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 34 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 69 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
arenaviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for arenaviridae: 1278
anelloviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 21 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 36 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 38 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 32 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
anelloviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for anelloviridae: 1166
geminiviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 30 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 24 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 25 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
geminiviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for geminiviridae: 6196
gokushovirinae: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gokushovirinae: 44 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gokushovirinae: 48 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gokushovirinae: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
gokushovirinae: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for gokushovirinae: 227
circoviridae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 18 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 17 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 40 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 35 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 27 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 33 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 29 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 31 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 26 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 28 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 22 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 23 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 19 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
circoviridae: 20 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for circoviridae: 774
inoviridae: 77 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 106 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 79 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 64 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 48 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 67 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 82 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 73 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 68 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 58 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 84 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
inoviridae: 86 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for inoviridae: 1262
parvovirinae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 55 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 45 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 54 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 44 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 56 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 43 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 46 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 54 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 55 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 48 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 51 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
parvovirinae: 47 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for parvovirinae: 1959
densovirinae: 41 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 37 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 60 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 52 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 57 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 63 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 39 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 60 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 53 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 49 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 60 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 59 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 50 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
densovirinae: 54 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for densovirinae: 1046
nanoviridae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 10 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
nanoviridae: 9 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for nanoviridae: 132
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 14 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
alphasatellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for alphasatellites: 170
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 8 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 6 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 2 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 8 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 8 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 7 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 11 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 13 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 2 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
single stranded rna satellites: 3 for 100 nucleotides long sequences
number of 100 long nucleotides long sequences for single stranded rna satellites: 120


[(29, 'benyviridae')
 (40, 'barnaviridae')
 (56, 'permutotetraviridae')
 (61, 'carmotetraviridae')
 (66, 'alphatetraviridae')
 (68, 'gammaflexiviridae')
 (85, 'marnaviridae')
 (100, 'corticoviridae')
 (102, 'amalgaviridae')
 (119, 'plasmaviridae')
 (120, 'single stranded rna satellites')
 (127, 'birnaviridae')
 (132, 'nanoviridae')
 (137, 'guttaviridae')
 (144, 'hepeviridae')
 (151, 'narnaviridae')
 (157, 'hepadnaviridae')
 (168, 'quadriviridae')
 (170, 'alphasatellites')
 (227, 'gokushovirinae')
 (233, 'nyamiviridae')
 (237, 'sapelovirus')
 (238, 'ampullaviridae')
 (253, 'ophioviridae')
 (262, 'roniviridae')
 (267, 'bornaviridae')
 (267, 'nodaviridae')
 (271, 'leviviridae')
 (315, 'hypoviridae')
 (338, 'astroviridae')
 (342, 'turriviridae')
 (368, 'chrysoviridae')
 (402, 'mesoniviridae')
 (441, 'tectiviridae')
 (492, 'globuloviridae')
 (530, 'fijivirus')
 (579, 'arteriviridae')
 (584, 'pneumovirinae')
 (627, 'bicaudaviridae')
 (650, 'partitiviridae')
 (694, 'nepovirus')
 (736, 'spumaretrovirinae')
 (763, 'polyomaviridae')
 (764, 'gammaretrovirus')
 (767, 'endornaviridae')
 (769, 'iflaviridae')
 (774, 'circoviridae')
 (829, 'lentivirus')
 (833, 'torovirinae')
 (922, 'picovirinae')
 (923, 'bromoviridae')
 (923, 'rudiviridae')
 (944, 'morbillivirus')
 (1046, 'densovirinae')
 (1158, 'bunyaviridae')
 (1166, 'anelloviridae')
 (1178, 'fuselloviridae')
 (1199, 'dicistroviridae')
 (1262, 'inoviridae')
 (1273, 'caliciviridae')
 (1278, 'arenaviridae')
 (1470, 'tymoviridae')
 (1514, 'filoviridae')
 (1625, 'sedoreovirinae')
 (1701, 'asfarviridae')
 (1719, 'luteoviridae')
 (1959, 'parvovirinae')
 (2037, 'virgaviridae')
 (2052, 'tombusviridae')
 (2074, 'malacoherpesviridae')
 (2281, 'totiviridae')
 (2663, 'alphavirus')
 (2893, 'lipothrixviridae')
 (3072, 'alphaflexiviridae')
 (3092, 'nimaviridae')
 (3997, 'closteroviridae')
 (4016, 'aviadenovirus')
 (4151, 'caulimoviridae')
 (4363, 'betaflexiviridae')
 (4561, 'nudiviridae')
 (4946, 'flavivirus')
 (6196, 'geminiviridae')
 (6364, 'ascoviridae')
 (6703, 'rhabdoviridae')
 (6878, 'spounavirinae')
 (6981, 'papillomaviridae')
 (7020, 'coronavirinae')
 (9609, 'peduovirinae')
 (10021, 'polydnaviridae')
 (10217, 'entomopoxvirinae')
 (10265, 'potyviridae')
 (17118, 'alloherpesviridae')
 (17664, 'mastadenovirus')
 (17693, 'autographivirinae')
 (17989, 'mimiviridae')
 (22058, 'phycodnaviridae')
 (23047, 'gammaherpesvirinae')
 (24476, 'iridoviridae')
 (34418, 'betaherpesvirinae')
 (35977, 'alphaherpesvirinae')
 (48899, 'chordopoxvirinae')
 (66806, 'baculoviridae')
 (156826, 'tevenvirinae')
 (448558, 'siphoviridae')]